Update readme with more correct information (#101)
WICG/display-locking: README.md

## Introduction

Display locking is a set of API changes that make it straightforward for
developers and browsers to easily scale to large amount of content and control
when rendering [\[1\]](#foot-notes) work happens. More concretely, the goals
are:

* Avoid loading [\[2\]](#foot-notes) and rendering work for content not visible
  to the user.
* Support [user-agent features](https://github.com/WICG/display-locking/blob/master/user-agent-features.md)
  and all layout algorithms (e.g. responsive design, flexbox, grid) for this
  content

* Support developer-controlled pre-loading, pre-rendering and measurement of
  content without having to fully render it to the screen

The following use-cases motivate this work:

* Fast display of large HTML documents (examples: HTML one-page spec, other long
  documents)
* Deep links and searchability into pages with hidden content (example: mobile
  Wikipedia)
* Scrollers with a large amount of content, without resorting to virtualization
  (examples: twitter feed, codemirror documents)

> * Pre-loading and rendering of non-visible content asynchronously to prepare it

Reviewer: How about re-phrasing this bullet as:

* Single-page app transitions

Author: Done.

   efficiently detect what content is actually visible.

Previously adopted web APIs, in particular the
[contain](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/contain) and
[will-change](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) CSS
properties, add ways to specify forms of rendering
[isolation](https://github.com/chrishtr/rendering/blob/master/isolation.md) or
isolation hints, with the intention of them being a mechanism for the web
developer to help the browser optimize rendering for the page.

While these forms of isolation help, they do not guarantee that isolated content
does not need to be rendered at all. Ideally there would be a way for the
developer to specify that specific parts of the DOM need not be rendered, and
pair that with a guarantee that when later rendered, it would not invalidate
more than a small amount of style, layout or paint in the rest of the document.

## Disclaimer

As the proposed features evolve, several competing API shapes might be
considered at the same time, the decisions on particular behaviors might not be
finalized, and some documentation may be out of date.

> For the latest agreed-upon behavior and API state, please consult the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the latest implemented behavior and API state, please consult the
```

[cheatsheet](https://github.com/WICG/display-locking/blob/master/cheatsheet.md).

For behaviors being discussed, as well as questions and other discussions,
please look over the [issues](https://github.com/WICG/display-locking/issues)

> The rest of this document talks about one particular set of proposed features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of this document talks about one particular implementation option.
```
